webwidget - display a web page like a desktop widget

webwidget loads a URL into a specialised WebKit browser and displays it
in a small window without borders, like a desktop widget. Optionally, it
can display the occluded part of the desktop background image in the
background of the page, for a pseudo-transparent appearance.

In its simplest form, webwidget takes a single argument which is used as
the URL to load. The default size for the widget is 250x120. Other
options allow customising the display:
  --desktop-background PATH
    Use PATH as the desktop background image. This image must be the
    same size as the desktop. The widget will display the part of the
    image behind itself in the background of the web page when this
    option is specified. If the widget window is moved, the background
    image will update. If the image itself changes it will be reloaded
    within a few seconds.
  --darken
  --lighten
    Tint the background image showing through. The background will be
    darkened or lightened 25%.
  --adjust-text
    In conjunction with --darken or --lighten, changes the default text
    color of the displayed web page to white or black respectively.
  --allow-shell
    Permit the extension "shell:" protocol, which will trigger system
    command execution when navigated to. If this option is given, this
    HTML code:
      <a href="shell:xmessage 'Hello, world!'">Run</a>
    will generate a link that, when clicked, pops up a system message
    box with the given message. If you do not have total control over
    the web page being displayed, this presents a security problem.
  --geometry GEOM
    Set the size and/or position of the window according to GEOM, a
    standard X geometry specification. This has the format
      WIDTHxHEIGHT+LEFT+TOP
    Either of the size and position can be omitted. If the position
    coordinates are negative they are measured from the other side of
    the screen.
  --role TEXT
    Set the WM_WINDOW_ROLE property to allow the window manager to
    identify the window uniquely. This is useful when you have multiple
    widgets running and want them to be separately positioned.
  --decorate
    Show the window manager decorations (which are usually hidden).

Consult your window manager documentation for information on how to
position the widget, both automatically at startup and while running.
Alt-drag is a common way to move undecorated windows.
